the academic year is ending across the
us but universities are sending in
police to break up protests at one
campus after another at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology on
Thursday police arrested several
students and graduate workers at the
University of Massachusetts Amherst
police arrested more than a
100 at John's Hopkins University in
Baltimore a deadline to break up camp or
face legal and academic sanctions has
past leaving students disguising their
identities and defying authorities we're
still here and um I don't think we're
going anywhere until our demands are
met after recent police raids at the
University of Chicago and the school at
the Art Institute of Chicago students in
America's third largest city now man a
lone protest Camp as counter protesters
look on this is the last encampment in
the city of Chicago and here at dupal
University as at universities Across the
Nation there is the constant threat that
police will come in here tear down the
tents and start arresting
people going to love this at Case
Western University in Ohio when students
refuse to move away from a so-called
Spirit wall where they've been allowed
to write their views contractors spray
painted over them we are here because we
understand that asking our University to
not be invested in a genocide is
something very reasonable a week after
students were arrested at the new school
in New York the the demonstrations
continue while over 40,000 people are
dead in gazda they're arresting students
for sleeping in a building they're
allowed to be in and that if anything
has just made the new school look so
much
worse outside the University of Southern
California thousands shut down a major
Street for a pro-israel rally as more
University presidents consider calling
in more police under pressure from
donors students stand their ground and
wait John hendin Al jazer
Chicago make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz